# Apotheosis
Apotheosis is a board game designed and created by me, the game is a Deckbuilding RPG set in Mythological Greece, inspired by Dominion and Talisman. The game is playable from within [Tabletop Simulator](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2108156755).  

This repo contains the tools I used to generate the game board and the playing cards for this game.  

## Gameboard
The game board was created in plain HTML and CSS. This can be seen in the /gameboard directory. The background image for the board was created in photoshop, piecing together various online assets. Then the grid, text, card areas etc. were all created in HTML using the board as the background image.

Likewise, character sheets were created in HTML which can be viewed in /gameboard/characters.html (the Hoplite character is uncommented, the other characters are commented out to demonstrate a single character card, but a grid of characters can be viewed by uncommenting these.)

## Playing Cards
The playing cards were generated in Ruby using the Squib library. This meant that I could keep all the card data in a CSV, so when I wanted to change values in the game, such as the health of a particular monster, I could just update my CSV and re-generate the cards. Card layouts are configured with a .yaml file and then generated with a ruby script of the same name as the config. E.g. /card/generation/encounter.yml contains the layout for cards generated by /card_generation/encounter.rb

When cards are generated they are placed in /card_generation/_output  

To generate cards, simply run one of the Ruby scripts:
```bash
ruby card_generation/shopdeck.rb
```